# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

This layout would be very useful in categorizing important figures, places or themes in history. One side could be an image or text identifying an important figure, event or theme with an accompanying image, thus allowing visitors to look through these cards and click on those they find interesting. On the other side, the author could write a short description on the figure or event describing their historical significance or other pertinent facts. This format allows for an interactive and succinct layout that is more engaging, especially for an audience with a limited background knowledge of history. This would be especially useful for sharing information to a younger audience who are more reliant on visual cues.  

## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 

In such a case where students are sharing information, the researcher has certain responsibilities to ensure students' right to privacy is respected. This exercise is exemplary of Habermas's description of the "interweaving of the public and private realms," because the researcher, as the authority, takes on a certain function of obtaining private information from the students in a public space, i.e. GitHub as a code sharing website. With this authority, or control of this information, the researcher has responsibilities to uphold the rights of the participant to limit the extent this information is shared according to the comfort and wishes of the students. This was achieved by offering the option to make such important information invisible publicly with the true/false key.


## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
Based on the use described above, the fields I would use would similarly focus on identification of each subject on each card so as to differentiate between the historical figures, themes, and events in history I would want to discuss for that particular research project. For instance, I would similarly include images and names with the addition of adding a field to identify significant dates. Furthermore, on the opposite side I would have a field for a quick description of the subject and a separate field to outline its historical significance. I also believe it would be useful to include a link to a relevant article or Wikipedia page. The most significant limitation of this type of data structure is that having the files are fields separated from each other would make it difficult to describe the meaningful connections between each subject. This would be a significant obstacle to developing a sophisticated understanding of the research project amongst the audience.
